
## Class members

The `result_type`, `min()`, `max()` `reset()` and `operator()` members found in
the C++11/14 standard library distributions are implemented.

The signature of the `min()`, `max()` and `reset()` functions is slightly
altered, however, with the use of a dummy, defaulted template parameter. This
allows the normal calling syntax to be preserved while deferring instantiation
until the member function is explicitly referred to.
The motivation for this signature is that, for composite distributions, these
member functions need to call their counterparts from the user-supplied outer
distributions, which have not necessarily been implemented.
Deferring the instantiation of these member functions relieves therefore the
user from the need to implement them in the provided outer distribution as long
as the corresponding member functions are never used.


### Member types

 Type          | Description
---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------
 `result_type` | Type of the generated random variates (same as the first class template argument)

### Member function *operator()*

```c++
template<class RngType>
RealType operator()(RngType& g);
```

Returns a random variate.

 Parameter          | Description
--------------------|----------------------------------------------------------
 `RngType`          | A type meeting the requirements of a C++11 uniform random number generator with the additional requirement that it should produce independent bits; this would in principle mean that its minimum value should be 0 and its maximum value a power of 2 less 1, but for the sake of practicality a minimum value of 1 and/or a maximum value equal to a power of 2 less 2 is tolerated (the bit correlations introduced by the relaxed requirement is usually weak enough to be ignored)


> Why the additional requirement on RngType?
> 
> The issue at stake is C++11's mandated implementation of
> `generate_canonical`, which by trying to achieve too much genericity led to
> the infamous
> [LWG issue 2524](http://open-std.org/JTC1/SC22/WG21/docs/lwg-active.html#2524).
> There is very little hope that the issue can be fixed without a severe
> penalty on efficiency.
> 
> Putting aside backward compatibility issues, a reasonable solution to this
> problem is to require that independent bits be produced (in intent at least:
> pseudo random number generators obviously do not produce truly independent
> bits), allowing an efficient and robust implementation of
> `generate_canonical()` based on bit sequences obtained by simple
> concatenation or truncation of the generated numbers.
> 
> For this reason, the *\<etf\>* library internally uses
> [*generate_random_real()*](random_digits/random_numbers.html)
> as a (nearly) drop-in replacement for `generate_canonical()`, and a related
> function,
> [*generate_random_integer()*](random_digits/random_numbers.html),
> both of which will assert at compile-time that the minimum value is 0 or 1
> and that the maximum value is a power of 2 less 1 or less 2.  Note that these
> requirements are satisfied by all default random number generators of the
> standard library, and are likely to be satisfied by the vast majority of
> commonly used generators.


### Member function *min()* and *max()*

```c++
template<typename=void>
result_type min() const;
```

```c++
template<typename=void>
result_type max() const;
```

Returns the greatest lower bound and the least upper bound of the range of
values potentially generated by `operator()`.


### Member function *reset()*

```c++
template<typename=void>
void reset();
```

Resets the distribution to ensure that the values generated by subsequent
calls to `operator()` are independent from formerly generated values.

Since ETF distributions are stateless, this function only calls the `reset()`
member of the user-supplied outer distribution (if there is one).

### Member function *operator=()*

All distributions have implicitly-declared copy assignment operators, which
may or may not be deleted depending on the types of associated functions
and outer distributions.

